Dream wants to go do something in the Nether because in it there is a thing he can kill or an item he can obtain to **get back his memory**. Because of a curse or something.
The point is. He **remembers someone being missing**. It's **Sapnap** ok. He remembers like a lot of his life with him because he's **his brother** or lifelong bestie or whatever. And. Then something *must've* happened to him, because he's not here anymore, **he's gone missing** at some point, but Dream doesn't remember. And he feels terribly guilty about this. He feels like he's missing a very important piece of his life, and he simply cannot go on until he finds out what happened to Sapnap.
Dream is **under the impression that he must have been killed**, because in reality he desperately needs to feel like there's something tangible he can do to make it all end: avenge him. Kill the motherfucker. You know? And sometimes he has doubts like, what if they fought and he left. What if he's happier now. What if his murderer is already dead. What would he do then?

When Dream finds out [[what happened to Sapnap]], he suddenly has to find meaning in something else. He can suddenly **grieve him in peace**, with no unclosed business. He can **say goodbye**. 
He is **disappointed** because he had some hope that it all may have been more cathartic. That he may have gotten to kill someone dramatically, die trying, or find out he's alive and go find him, live with him forever. He is disappointed that now he has to **figure out how to live on**. George helps him with that, because at this point in the story they're a lot closer.

