Dream is extra snappy because of the PTSD and George is annoyed about his own feelings about the situation:

### George's feelings
Because of the **[[their struggles in the first third#^5234d7|guilt]]** George feels, **he feels like he should want to go back** to his life before all of this. Before Dream came around. He should get angry at him that he's so reckless, so stupidly trying to be heroic. George should express how dumb he was for being impressed and wanting to follow him, say how much of a mistake it all was. He should emphasize how catastrophic the attempt they made together was, how much he wishes he'd never admired him. He reminds him that after two failed tries, the second of which he had to be carried out of, he should just retire.
You know? My point is, George doesn't really believe any of these things, in reality George has a lot of admiration for Dream. He's saying this because he's annoyed and everything is different now and **he's scared that he doesn't want to go back**.
And because Dream has a big ego, this should sting like hell.
### Dream's feelings
Dream responds by **reminding him that it was his choice all along**, that he never ever not once asked him to come along. After the trip, in which Dream felt like they'd started to warm up to each other, **he feels extremely betrayed** by George right now. And this is especially devastating because, after the traumatic event that he's struggling to leave behind, he feels heartbreakingly alone in his pain. And George. George was the only other person in the entire world who could understand. Who saw even a fraction of what he saw. And now he came at him like this? 
**He thinks George is pathetic**, he sees right through him. He sees his guilt, his dishonesty, his cowardice. His inability to admit his desires even to himself. He is angry that he would try to pin his own issues onto him. Dream has always seen everything very clearly. George hasn't, and that's his own problem to deal with.

---

OK. Now we have to make George a little more redeemable because right now he's just being an asshole. Like. He's supposed to be an asshole outwardly, but not through and through. Why is he doing this? 
Maybe Dream has been nagging him since all of this started. Like, **at first he has a very low concept of George**, you know, the guy who did nothing when he was kicked out of Maia's family and also didn't help him after that when he was living in the streets. Then the two start getting to know each other and Dream learns that George doesn't really know why he came with him at all, like he feels like he needed something different and this just might do it. 
**Dream thinks George is extremely uninspired**, boring and just generally finds it hard to have any respect for him. Before The Carry, all George was was a guy it was kinda nice to be around. A friend, but not a very good or important one. He'd joke around with him, give advice, and he'd enjoy himself. **But he'd never ask for help**. He could never stop himself from making off-handed comments about George's lack of passion and direction, implying that the world isn't made for people like him, but rather for people more like Dream. **Dream thinks he is above George.**
After what happened in the Carry, **Dream is suddenly forced to admit George's value** and grace as a friend. **His ego is extremely hurt** by the fact that not only did he fail at surviving in the Nether a second time, but a guy as lowly as George had the poise to save his life. **He owes everything to the lamest guy ever**, in his eyes. This, added to his [[Dream's missing eye|new disability]], only contributes to making him feel small. 
This is why after the Carry Dream does **all of the same nagging but more bitter, more biting, more honest**. And George eventually has enough and calls him out on it, and because Dream isn't in the best state to have a civilized argument, hilarity ensues as they say.