Often in PTSD people’s emotions after the fact are heightened by their survival instinct having been active in the past. Like. I learnt how to get things done back then, and it was needed and I just did it, emotionlessly, focused on survival and safety. And now I click back to myself and I have to process all of this and it washes over me. Maybe it would be good to have a single slightly unusual thing for the mc to distinctly remember. There was this guy who survived a hurricane and when he looked up from his hiding place all that was left from his friend’s house was a single closet. That closet. And he remembers it. He should stare at fire, or be emotionally very sensitive to burns and stinging sensations. The smell of burnt flesh should be triggering. He should feel like a caged animal maybe?

> I have nightmares of people dying or just vivid dreams that seem so real I question if it was real or not. I still perform my duties, I just keep it all inside. There's this never ending anger within me that just rages where I just wanna fight, just to have someone to hit me. Idk... I just feel like a caged animal. Wanting to wake up from this dream. It seems like I'm always in 2 different places at once and I'm struggling to figure which is real. I feel like I lost myself through these years and trying to put myself together.

Esto me mola para Dream.

---
PTSD is also all about trying to **regain the agency that was put on hold** during a traumatizing event. Fear can paralyze. Fear can delegate control to the body itself and turn off your mind, making you watch as it does everything it can to come out alive. 
The traumatic event itself is fundamentally based on **removing agency from you**. In a car crash, an act of aggression, a natural disaster... There is often nothing one can do to help the situation. You have to hide and wait, run and wait, as the possibility of it all being over right now dangles over your head. 
You think back and all you can do is **relive the situation**. The body is plunged back into that **physiological snapshot of you**, and all you can still do is, once again, hide and wait, run and wait. Feel the fear, the anger, the helplessness and horror of what you're seeing, what's happening to you. 
Or maybe it's *nothing* you feel. If the body went paralyzed during the event, thinking back will only **hollow your veins out** once again, disassociate your mind from your body once again, preventing you from **engaging with the reality of what happened**.  
