We start in a George POV. We see into his life. We need to get a sense that the village is very very small and far from everything else. Because George is a young adult, his mom is starting to push him to form a family, and he fucking hates it. She even pointed at a girl a bit younger than him to be the mother of his kids, even though they barely know each other.

He could be working, sewing with his auntie, chitchatting, thinking about life. And at some point his mom calls him out or comes in with this girl and starts going on about how good an idea it’d be. And then they look at each other like, _god is she serious_, _god i don't wanna get with you, god who the literal muffin are you anyway_. And then his mom gives him a chore and tells him, “there go do that, and you Avy help him”. And then they’re on this weird makeshift date, awkward as hell, both looking for ways to get out because they don’t wanna be mean.

And right there should be when they’re out in the village and everyone quietens just as George is speaking, just to make it extra awkward. Maybe make Avy notice what everyone is looking at before George, so that he kinda trails off like, _ok im being boring i’ll just shut up_ but tHEN it’s just. Dream. George turns around when he sees everyone is quiet and boom. dnf. y’know.

And then it’s all about this new person who's entering through the palisade. We go on to describe what this strange MAN looks like. And it’s craaazy. George is paralyzed, he doesn’t know what to do. Then Avy jumps into action like, _oh god this man needs help_. Dream might be good if he couldn’t even speak at first, like he’s too exhausted to try. And George at this point would maybe think about Avy like, _damn, she’s a good person, look how fast she went out to help this man, look how she was the only one to jump to action, she’s so cool._ ok might be better to not focus on her, but make a little narrative comment about it?

SOOOO Avy’s family is medics. I just decided that. I think it’s a pretty good idea anddd it’d be cool for George to learn some curing before going for his lil nether trek. They'll get to the house and Avy’s parents will check Dream out before deciding Avy can handle it on her own, as getting experience for when she becomes the doctor. Avy’s parents will simply. just. continue cooking.

George will be anxious to help as Avy simply sets Dream down in a bedroom and tends to his wounds, so he’ll get water etc as help. Dream at some point here should be saying like, “Spirit, Spirit…” and everyone will be confused like what is he saying. And then George will recognize the name and guess, _hey wow he might be talking about a horse, does he have a horse?_ And then George says, “I think I know what he’s talking about” and he leaves to the door of the palisade and finds a beat up fucking horse hanging out there. On the way to the stables, he passes his house and tells his mom that he’s gonna be at Avy’s for a bit, and his mom will say “okaaay” giddily before he continues by telling her about the strange traveler and the beat up horse he’s about to check on, and she’ll be like “Oh— Jesus” and come out to help him.

So now they’re both at the stables tending to the horse, and a **Conversation** happens. This would be a good time for Hanna (the mom) to show her personality and explain her point. She’ll start with your usual “Avy is really nice, isn’t she?”, with a fond smile. George will glance at her like, _I’ve fallen into_ _her trap_, but he plays along, “Yeah”, a pause, “She jumped to help the traveler in a beat. She seems really caring”. And then she’ll _**strongly agree**_, like, she’ll tell a cute story of Avy when she was a child caring for an animal, or maybe one where she’s older and took care of HER a few years ago. Make it so that George will laugh, agreeing, thinking _ok she is kinda cool_. This way she’ll start growing on him and he’ll be a step closer from being ok with marriage. There’s like a THOUSAND steps for that, obviously, he’s not even close to being ok with it, but it’s just. A step. This is gonna be useless anyway. I just want George to be leaving something important behind. Make him have a life to give up, you know?

At the end of the conversation, Hanna will say something like, “Ok, now we have somewhere to be”, and George will be like, “what”, and then she’ll reveal there’s a DINNER!!!!! joined with Avy’s family, to which George will be tired and frustrated like _oh my god can you stop trying to marry me off for literally one second._

THEN we jump to describe how everyone is going in and out, moving stuff, plates going around. As George is hanging out with everyone in the living room, Avy will still be inside the bedroom with Dream (that sounded ridiculously suggestive I promise it’s not like that) caring for him. During this, George will help with the cooking: chatting with Avy’s parents and Hanna, describing the dishes they’re making in his head, and then he will start taking out plates to the table. It’s great, by the way. Make it great fun for them.

Right this moment, with a plate on his hands, George will knock on the bedroom where Avy is to ask her if she’s ready for dinner. Or he will TRY. Because it is NOW that Avy comes out all distressed, bumping into George and making him drop the plate which calls everyone’s attention and there’s silence suddenly. All eyes on them. Avy looks super stressed out and terrified, like something really scary just happened; she leaves the entire house without talking to anyone. Dream actually stands up and supports himself on the door frame, watching.

George doesn’t do anything, he feels very out of place. Only one to move is Avy’s mother, who follows her outside all distressed and concerned. While George is cleaning up the mess, glancing at Dream who’s right next to him, he watches Avy speak to her mom from the window (he’s overthinking, wondering what could have possibly happened, wondering if Dream was a creep); her mom is all in her face, grabbing her arms, with an extremely worried expression. And then Avy seems to have told her what happened, because her mom storms back inside muttering something like “This fucking demon better stay away from my Avy”, pushing people out of her way, and essentially grabs Dream from the doorframe and pushes him out. She’ll be muttering hard curses at Dream or something like that, telling him to get out repeatedly, and Dream will be all hoarse trying to defend himself but it’s all futile it’s all pointless. ^0121a7

George will follow Avy’s mom and Dream on the way out like _hey hey he’s wounded what the hell is happening leave the poor man alone_, and Avy will get back inside (everyone pushing each other at the front door). Then George will watch as Dream trips outside, because Avy’s mother pushed him so hard out her house, and she curses him from ever coming back, like, “You get out of my house, if I ever see you even speak to a member of my family I will gauge your eyes out and feed them to the fucking pigs.” While Dream is just there, having just tripped, completely still.

George will mutter something like “What the hell” and start going towards him with the intention of helping him up, but Avy’s mother will stop him by grabbing him by the shirt or something, and then slam the door closed. Then the dinner will basically go on, I truly do not know if it would be better for something illumina related to happen here, or just cut to the next thing. I guess it would make sense, right? Like, right now they DON’T talk about illumina but something along the lines of “cualquiera que va al nether es un hijo de puta”.

From here on, for a few days, maybe two weeks, Dream becomes a crazy man in the village. He’s poor, he’s wounded, he has his horse in the village stables and he simply can’t take it back, one because he can’t really take care of it and two because the workers Simply Will Not Give It To Him. George doesn’t know what he’s living off of at this time and he doesn’t ask until much much later on. During this time, George is around Avy’s family doing chores and falling in love with her (not too much. just. like. endeared by her). He can maybe feel a little constrained or morally conflicted during this time because like. Ok so. You know how “cualquiera que va al nether es un hijo de puta”? Most people think this way, and word has gone around that Dream is un hijo de puta, and so a wave of moral panic ensues where these kinda practices get demonized even further.

Because Dream is going to be the main victim of this (regardless of how true it may be, or how much of a piece of shit he might truly be), he’s in a shitty situation. Now because I’m a slut, I wanna see him shirtless in my own imagination………. he’s going to be working in the mines. This fits with the whole shitty situation, don’t come at me. It’s one of the only jobs they’ll take him for, they will have this whole “he’s as valuable as the work he does” and don’t really see outside of that. So at first he wears huge, baggy clothing to work that kinda hides him. But a few days later he gets sick of it and its also real hot out so he just removes clothing. Plus the ppl at the mine are really accepting so he just. Works and hangs out with the others. Also forgot to add that half the people who work in the mines are criminals and poor people so Dream just sort of fits right in. Because he’s BOTH. haha.

Now Dream doesn’t trust George at ALL and I completely understand and respect that. What is going to happen is, George spends the next few months bonding with Avy, basically becoming an untold couple while everyone around them assumes they’re already together. George just has trouble taking anything seriously* and never really has a desire to make it official, but they basically do everything that couples do save for the romantic stuff. Actually George is asexual. I just decided that. They’re both asexuals they just fall in love with each other eventually. They never do anything beyond kissies and spending every waking hour together as George only sees her as a touchy friend. ACtually scratch that. I am allosexual and I don’t know too much about how different asexuals operate. I’ll just go with what I understand unless I get good counseling. George is just bi and Dream is a free soul aka brain fucker.

okay back to the plot. uh. George is basically Avy’s boyfriend at this point. I’m thinking a single conversation between George and Dream should happen before Dream leaves. Like. I don’t want it to be Hobbitesque, like “stay true to urself find out what makes your soul chirp and do ittt bro :)”. Maybe George finds Dream working at the mine one day and just kinda speaks to him, he asks him questions about his plans and Dream is just working, to puteao, barely listening, just wanting it all to be over. WHY? Because he doesn’t respect George in the least. In this conversation, or maybe two separate conversations, George must make it come across how curious he is about Dream as a person. George, because he has spent all his life letting his environment dictate his decisions, wants wants _wants_ for Dream to find him “worthy” (whatever that means) and offer to bring him along in his adventures. So that George doesn’t have to ask, make the jump, take the risk of getting told “no”. And Dream just doesn’t have the time nor the energy to be that figure for George, he doesn’t care, George is just a KID who can’t speak up for himself and who let Avy’s family throw him out to the streets. George is not a respectable figure is what im saying.

So Dream just listens for as long as his patience will allow, answers shortly to his questions, and eventually gets fed up and stops answering or tells him to fuck off or sm. He can literally just tell him to Shut The Hell Up.

Now now. George needs to have something going for him while this all happens parallel to it. To, again, make him have something to give up. The first thing obviously is the relationship with Maia, that needs to be going slightly well, with the conflict i just mentioned that George is bi and not really that much into her, but he’s trying and trying to make himself like her. The way you’re going to try and get this across will be by showing how he focuses on all the bad things about her, how he doesn’t agree with some of the things she says, how he doesn’t like being around her family, or rather how he feels constricted and too requested by them. He **needs** more than anything to stop being a passive subject in the world, to stop _receiving_ the actions and decisions of other people, and to start doing the things that will make him feel full for the first time in what feels like ages. WHAT HE WANTS THO what he wants is for her family to think good of him and to be able to fall in love with her. He wants wants wants for it all to work out, so that people will eventually get off his case and give him some more freedom, even if it has to be with her, and even if he will have to come to like it.

I think i need a side plot to be going on when George leaves, so that he’s interrupting something. I was thinking maybe he finds out while hes sleeping in bed with Maia. Or something. I think it would have to be related to her, like as he’s sneaking to her room, from his house (so he has to go outside), he sees Dream taking back his horse with his baggage at night, and then he thinks about leaving with him, convincing him to take him along, but he ultimately doesn’t. They see each other, Dream waves at him like it was a sunday morning, then turns around and leaves. George then goes to Maia’s, stays awake through the night because he’s thinking about how Dream just left. I really want this to be a tender, warm, blue colored, contemplative, quiet moment. He’s in bed, Maia is asleep facing him, with her arm on his stomach, it’s nice, he feels so good, his head is strangely quiet. She’s snoring slightly, it doesn’t bother him. It just adds to the comfy feeling of it all. He’s thinking about how much he likes this, then he’s thinking about how he could have it forever if he plays his cards right. ^5122f7

Every time he tries to plunge into one of these fantasies, the memory of Dream running away comes back to him. He balances where he might be going, he thinks maybe he’s going back to the Nether, then he thinks about the Nether. He doesn’t know anything about it. He might think it’s like real life hell, where the oceans are the forsaken souls of the dead forever awake and forever suffering. He basically knows nothing about the Nether, he just knows it’s bad and deadly, that it’s the place where the young and reckless go to die. If time/space allows (i mean like narrative space), he could think about all the ways he could die in the village. He could think about all the different ways he could live, as a sewer, a husband, a father, with a beautiful wife, with little Maia children, and if everything works out fine, his family will eventually leave him be.

Then, a big event happens. Someone in his family is going to die, at a slightly old but slightly too-young-to-die age. It’s his father, who’s like 40 or something (George is 22, Dream is 19). George didn’t have a big relationship with him, there were so many siblings of his who died before they got to adulthood, so his dad ended up being kinda distant but worked to keep them afloat anyway. His death was sudden, unexpected. The family was the one who had to prepare the body for the funeral, so we get this scene where everybody is at home (George, his mom, his two brothers and one sister) kinda sitting there, thinking about it, and helping Hanna occasionally. Because the dad was distant to them all, there are no big feelings happening in the family, not even Hanna is super affected. They hadn’t been in love, i have a headcanon that they were both secretly in love with someone else during adulthood, both gay, and like I guess because I’m the writer my headcanons are actually a reality so. Hanna looks fine, of course it hurts, maybe she will be able to cry it out later, but right now she’s holding on. Basically what i want to happen is that George sees how unenthusiastic this all is, thinks about what life his dad carried, and finds it to be extremely uneventful and sad and way too similar to what he is looking at with Maia. And that’s exactly when he’ll make his decision. He will see himself as a man with no name and no face, whose children won’t cry when he passes, whose life couldn’t be remembered even if someone cared to, because it was so meaningless and devoid of purpose. He doesn’t want to let his days go one by one, he wants his true life to be longer than two hours. To not waste his time. All this mental process will happen as we move on to the funeral itself, where the priest will be reciting _de profundis_, saying one verse and letting everyone repeat it. Also because of the gay, I want a guy to be like SOBBING in the funeral, and I want him to be the only guy crying. He’s a coworker of his dad, and by the looks of it they were lovers.

He makes his decision. He wants to leave.