
They say the body can get used to anything. Feet eventually thicken for harsh earth, the cold eventually files down its claws, the threshold for unbearable pain eventually heightens. To <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>, this could not be more maddening.

As the winter season makes its way down the mountains, neighbors drop their imperfect jackets onto the pile of the family shop for him to mend. A missing button? He was your man. A pocket coming undone? You'd be the fifth person that week, that'll be 7 ems please! At least two people every day tripped on the step at the entryway when they walked out, and every time <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> had warned them with plenty of time. 

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> sunk his nose back behind the pile of broken garments as a client walked out, his greasy bangs getting in the way of his eyes. His hands worked a patch into a pair of ugly, old man trousers. He was almost as good as his aunt, who had been working the craft for at least two decades longer. He secretly took pride in this, but doubly secretly he didn't, not really. 

—That kid has always looked like a bloody clown —murmured aunt <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_aunt"/>Ava<span type="end"/> quietly as the customer left the shop, and then gave a scoff like she was amused with herself. With around fifty people to pick from in the entire village, the bar to being a clown seemed to have lowered to wearing ill-fitting shirts. 

Just as <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> was about to sigh out a bored 'Huh?', a loud woman's voice begun to be heard from just outside the shop. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> wanted to walk out into the beach and bury himself below the deepest sands of the ocean for One Hundred Years.

—<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>, hun, where were you?! I've been looking for you everywhere! —yelled his mom's voice, screeching its way into his brain. He'd been where he always is— You need to fix these for me. —She was holding around 5 bulky garments, it was hard to tell. She threw them on his workbench, ignoring the pile.

—Alr- —he begun to say.

Her hair looked dishevelled as always, and her chronically alcohol-reddened face contorted into an uncanny excuse for a smile. —Have you met <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>? —she asked, wildly changing topics.

—Uh, not really. I've seen her but we've never-- 

—I figured, you never talk to anyone! You're such a little hermit sometimes. —She stared into <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s eyes, and he didn't know if she was challenging him to respond or if she was just reaffirming herself in her head with his appearance. She went quiet for a beat. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> stared at her in annoyed confusion— You're going to meet her —she declared.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> was the doctor's daughter. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> remembered seeing her a couple of times as a child, helping out at the consult during the few times he'd been there in his youth. One time he went there because of a particularly gnarly gash on his leg, and she had been a quiet, tiny, kind of creepy presence scurrying in and out of the room bringing stuff around. They did not talk then, and not really after either. #PersonalityDescription_Maia

—What for?

—*What for, what for.* Things don't always happen in ways that you can box down, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>, let things be. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> raised an eyebrow. *Okay*, he thought. Just 30 more years and she'd be dead. Probably less, if she kept drinking at this rate.

—You're right, mom —he forced out. He got up off his chair and stretched the rage away—. I'll go talk to her —he said, hoping to get an excuse to leave the shop and go mind his business for a couple hours. He wasn't planning on actually talking to that random girl. 

—Exactly, let's go talk to her —she inserted herself, grabbing his skinny wrist and dashing for the door. Aunt <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_aunt"/>Ava<span type="end"/> did not bother looking up from her work as they left.

They walked for two minutes, and to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s dismay, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> was not busy at all when they arrived to her place. It was a small barbershop manned by her mom which doubled as her dad's doctor's office. The girl herself was still largely unremarkable, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> thought. She was short and stocky, and her hair and face had not changed a whole lot since the gash on his leg. #PhysicalDescription_Maia

When <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> noticed them, she reacted to the two of them so distinctly <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> thought she did it on purpose. She smiled widely at his mom, going in for two kisses and asking vaguely about her recent events, while dedicating a tense mouth gesture to him as a hello. He did not mind, they did not know each other.

—<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, this is my son <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> —his mom said. He smiled apologetically. 

—I know! —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> politely replied. His mom took both their hands and forced them together in a vigorous handshake, which had the two kids visibly in shock, her more in a bashful way and him more in a what-the-fuck-are-you-doing way. 

—Um —said a mortified <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>.

—It's crazy you two haven't talked before, I mean, look at her, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>! Isn't she gorgeous? —and she looked at him like she was expecting an actual answer. He nodded hesitantly— See? And <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, just look at him, he's so close to looking... —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> looked at her wide-eyed, silently begging her to stop— Yes, yes, you two have a lot of things in common. I'll leave you two to it! —And she left in a half jog like she just threw a smoke bomb.

—I'm sorry —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> murmured.

—It's okay —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> replied with a small smile—, my mom is the exact same. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> chuckled softly. He felt bad that his mom had dragged her into meeting with some random guy she didn't know.

—Hey, I know she probably put you kind of on the spot with this, we don't have to--

—Oh no, no, I don't mind at all. It´s always nice meeting new people, right? —And she fixed her bun as she spoke, smiling at him with a sense of familiarity. He watched her mannerisms with some tension, tilting his head like a sort of confused puppy. 

—Oh. Yeah! Sure.

—Do you... want to walk to the lake together? —She gave a short laugh, seeming awkward again— Or, I don't know. —She stepped vaguely in the direction of the lake, and her long skirt whirled around her legs— We can get something to eat if you'd prefer--

—The lake sounds great —he said earnestly. His hand twitched, unsure whether he should hold her hand. He decided it would be weird probably. Instead, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> reached out and took his hand herself. He decided it wasn't weird anymore. 

The walk was rather nice, if a bit too quiet. The approaching winter provided a cushion of dead leaves and pinecones on the earth, and their every step lifted a few droplets of old rainwater trapped in the foliage. Her hair was a pit of tar swallowing every stray ray of sunlight the winter sky managed to let through; soft, short, the blackest hair he'd seen. #PhysicalDescription_Maia

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> had a deep, impenetrable stare which clashed massively with her sweet face. The wind kept getting her hair in her eyes, and she kept moving it away. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> thought she looked kind of out of her element; he'd seen her talk to people in town, she was very energetic, liked a fast paced, closely knit social environment. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> wasn't really a good fit, but she'd find out soon enough. #PersonalityDescription_Maia

When they arrived at the lake, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> sat down at the edge of the water, muddying her long white skirt which she didn't seem to pay a single thought to. He wondered if she'd bring it to his shop for him to fix later, if this is how people inexplicably came to him with garments looking like they were just fished out of a swamp after having been lost for two years. He sat down next to her despite this. She removed her shoes and wiggled her toes in the mud. 

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> fished a pack of cigarettes out of his pocket, pulling one out slowly. From the corner of his eye, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> was watching him. 

—So uh, how's your dad? —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> asked— He's still running the consult, right? —He already knew the answer, but he was unsure whether she was okay with how long it'd been since they'd said a word.

—Yeah, he's fine. He's planning on retiring actually. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> lit the cigarette and brought it to his lips. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s eyes followed the movement, lids relaxed, long, black lashes obscuring her deep irises— He's always saying how he wants to spend more time with the kids. —*He has kids young enough to need looking after?* <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> frowned, confused— Grandkids. And you know what? It's kind of nice having kids around the house. 

—Really? I've never thought I'd like that.

—I didn't either, but little kids are funny. —She smiled, blinking slowly, warmly— They talk funny. And older people are like... somehow filled with energy when there's kids around.

—Is your dad?

—Yeah! Definitely. He was already starting to rot before my older sister had her first kid. And he was *young*, much too young to be acting like you're in like... the end of your life. He was like forty-something. —She chuckled. *Way too young to be depressed. Good for him.* 

—Glad he's doing better now.

And... silence again. George smoked quietly while she seemed to think for a little bit. It was nice, he guessed, but he'd much rather be back at the shop. Shocking! Even to himself. He had so much work to do, it was stressing him out. And he was sure this girl had shit to do as well.

She started to say a syllable, but seemed to stop short. George stared at her. —You know, uh... —she tried— You know why our moms introduced us, right?

George swallowed. —Yes, uh. I mean, it's pretty obvious. They want us to, um. —He made a grimace, looked all around and then finally at her, whose features seemed calm— They want us to *get to know* each other, I guess.

—They want us to *get* together.

—Yeah. —He cleared his throat— What do you think about that.

Maya bit her lip. —She-- I kind of hate it. —Coal strands of hair moved softly over her bare shoulders as she shook her head, small hands seizing with some indignity— I'd like for my mom to kind of... respect the fact that I want to run the consult with my dad, you know?

—Can't you do both? —*Fuck.* George hoped she wouldn't take this as an advancement from him— I mean, like, with any guy.

—I can. I sort of don't mind... trying. 

A frog jumped out of the lake, then back in again. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> rested her elbows on her knees, and inched ever so slightly closer. Warm smoke painted his airways black. His stomach was vibrating with awkwardness. This girl was forward.

—It's more about the principle —she finished her thought.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> sighed into her forearms, her eyes lost in the place the frog had dived into moments ago.

—She, uh, your mom probably just wants the best for you. —He coughed again. He couldn't relate to what was coming out of his own mouth, since he couldn't say for sure *his* mom wanted the best for him, but he had no reason to think hers was like that— If finding a partner made her happy, then she's just trying to make sure you will be happy as well.

She turned to look at him, her lids hitched with bewilderment, clearly lost in her own thoughts.

—There's many different ways to get there.

—Well, yeah, but... —He took a slow drag, looking down at the cigarette as he frowned slightly— Fuck, I don't know. Old people miss their youth. She wants you to have fun, make friends, have sex.

*Now* she was looking at him straight. Fuck, *why?* He hadn't meant to sound suggestive at *all*. He took another drag, looking right back at her. She blinked slowly, her thumbs caressing the other hand in a self-soothing gesture. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> did not know what she was doing, did she seem interested? Did she really read that as an advancement? Her lips were parted, a half smile creeping out despite herself. 

—I mean, yeah.

He thought he knew what was going to happen eventually. It made him a little queasy, but he wondered whether he would like it-- the last time he'd kissed a girl had been a few years ago. She'd been the daughter of the butcher (risky choice, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> knows), a blond little sweetheart who agreed to trade him one of her sweets in exchange for a kiss. The kiss itself, he remembered, felt cold, wet and slightly too forceful. Her pursed lips felt hard against his. The sweet wasn't even that good in hindsight.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s piercing eyes... well... pierced him. He felt like he definitely shouldn't have said that. His cigarette, almost out by now, stuck to his dry lower lip as his mouth parted, looking at her, half expecting her to make a move either into or away from him. He wondered which one he would rather get.

—I... —she finally spoke— It's sort of difficult, isn't it?

—What is? Sex? —he sighed.

She made a face. —I guess I just don't understand it yet.

—Well, if it doesn't come naturally, then there's no reason to force it, don't you think? —he tried. This did seem to get to her somewhat, but she ended up shaking her head again.

—Nothing comes naturally. —*Another crazy take*— Nothing is *supposed* to come naturally. 

—Nothing comes naturally to you?

She turned to face him, and sort of surprisingly she took <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s cigarette from his mouth before bringing it close to hers. He followed her movements, from her biting the inside of her lip to the twitch of her fingers. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s dad used to say, as the old guy he'd been, that a cigarette does not look good in a woman's hand. He said this as he took puff after puff of his pipe, depressingly sat on his decrepit armchair while his mom fluttered around him like a drinking, smoking fly. He was worn down to a nub by the time he died.

It took some suspension of disbelief, but <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> could understand why he married his mom. She used to be beautiful: a skinny, wavy-haired redhead with lots of energy, probably starry eyed, probably in a sort of manic state that took decades to collapse into itself.  The cig looked good in <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s hand. The earthy smell fit well around her void hair. His head felt heavy, and the grainy mist in his vision made her look surreal, her movements slow, her edges shimmering.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> placed the cig on her lips as <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> laid back on his elbows. Before she got a chance to inhale, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> thought he saw a shade of insecurity cross her face; she blinked and looked at him for a split second, wide eyed, like she'd thought better of the whole thing. After a beat, she got close to him and held the cigarette back to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s mouth. His mouth closed sort of *shakily* around it, taking in a slow drag as he looked down at her hand, then back at her. Her hooded stare did not waver, and as the cig burned brighter she tilted her head, approaching ever so slightly. 

A deep pit grew in <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s stomach. As his lungs filled up, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> removed the cigarette and replaced it with her own warm lips. Her hair brushed against his cheekbone and her hand lingered on his jaw. He worried the cigarette might light her hair on fire. She wasn't very good at this.

