
<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/><span type="end"/> did not remember <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s father to be so terrifying, although most likely he wasn't the type of man to go around scaring young men *before* they've "gotten with" his daughter, so <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> guessed it made sense.

Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_dad"/>Edgar<span type="end"/> <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> seemed to be very reserved, much like his daughter. A tall, lanky gentleman, quietly confident in his status, the kind you'd expect to have crazy comebacks when it matters. Except he didn't. His mouth could be sealed shut as far as <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> knew, but his deep, sunken eyes could speak all the same. The man communicated through subtle brow gestures and soft smiles, dark eyebags protruding below his eyes and thin lips the single points of interest to decipher him, his wife and kids wordlessly understanding and acting through. 

Entering through the door of the <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> household required first holding eye contact with Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> for a solid ten seconds as you approached the house, the man endlessly rocking on his old chair in the porch, his image missing only a shotgun for him to wipe and wipe while threateningly eyeing you up and down. 

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> was so similar to him in so many ways.

Grey irises behind hooded lids watched quietly, registering his micro expressions, reading his words by looking instead of hearing. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> didn't even think she was trying to judge, but rather just learning every little thing about his mannerisms, deciphering what he *really* meant when he said *x* or *y* by memory like she had to recite it all by the end of the day. 

Her lips were strangely soft and still when they kissed, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> could feel her ungiving teeth right behind them with little force. She was not tentative, never experimented with movement. It seemed she only kissed him first to give him permission to start the kisses from then on. And yet she laughed at his jokes, her touch felt strangely endearing, made him feel warm and fuzzy, and he found her smell to be relaxing.

In the morning of their second week together the sky was a light shade of blue and the village was bustling with activity, coming in and out of <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s house with the calm, mundane energy often found in groups of middle-aged people working together to make an event happen: a big feast, inviting all of <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/>'s family tree. It had been their mothers' idea. The big table would be hosted at an inner patio in her house, whose walls had for years remained covered in faintly colored wall shrubs nurturing hundreds of little bright orange flowers, organized in rounded clusters which to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/>'s eyes would make perfect gifts for a girl such as <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, but he decided nobody would appreciate being gifted flowers from their own garden.

On the count of three, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> hoisted up a wood panel in his house and started carefully walking to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s, to set it up for the long table.

—This is so shit —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> huffed—, they gave us busy work right up until dinner is set on the goddamn table. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> had the impulse to shrug, but the panel was too heavy. He didn't reply. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> flipped her hair out of her face— I'm so hungry as well.

—We have to help at the kitchen later. —She rolled her eyes. *Is it really that bad?*— Maybe you can get some snacks in while we do that, because it looks like it's gonna be a few hours until we sit down to eat. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> could feel the blood leaving his fingers as the wood dug into his skin, his forearms already starting to burn. He really should get more exercise.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s black ends contrasted over the pale skin of her chest. She had freckles all over her body for all <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> knew, and there was a thick, pale one on each of her boobs, visible right now as they bounced ever so slightly on their walk towards her house. #PhysicalDescription_Maia They gave him something nice to look at while the rest of his body was burning with exertion.

—Hey, I thought maybe we could do something after the dinner —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> tried, tearing his eyes from her in an attempt at respect—. It looks like it's going to be a nice night, we could go for a walk, spend some time back at the lake-- maybe-- —He couldn't do this. He felt his face get hot from embarrassment. The silence was overbearing— Uh, I don't know. I thought it might be nice to uh, do something cool together? —His voice ended in a question against his will. Was she looking at him? It felt like she was.

Their march started to slow down suddenly, and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> was too awkward to look at her. —Just-- Or we could do something different if you'd like? —*Another question!* Was the table getting way heavier or was that just him? His biceps spiked in pain as he had to scramble to keep the panel from falling down— Hey-- <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, are you even...? —When he finally looked at her, only the back of her head looked back. She hadn't been paying attention. His cheeks burned up even more— <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, what the hell--

Before he had a chance to keep complaining, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> dropped the panel entirely to the ground and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/> was left to keep the thing upright as he watched her make a run for it. Where was she going? When he looked around, he saw that it wasn't only her, but everybody around him was looking right at the entrance of the palisade and she was the only one running towards it. *Someone new had arrived*.

…Oh. His breath slowed down. A man on a horse had just gone still at the entrance. 

They would have looked menacing if not for the state of them. The horse had obviously been a vigorous buckskin male in better times, but was horrifyingly, skeletally skinny now. The man was completely slumped over, his face hidden to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/><span type="end"/>'s view on the other side of the horse's neck. His clothing looked thin, filthy and burnt black in some places, the fabric bunched over on his knees and boots. He was carrying nothing.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> rushed to leave the panel propped up on some wall as the people around him gasped in concern, watching how the horse's knees buckled below the weight of the both of them, leaving the beast kneeling, exhausted, and the man falling to the ground from it. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> arrived to him immediately, holding the man's head from the dirty ground and talking to him. She started giving orders to the people around her, *you, bring me drinking water, you, bring me something to cut his clothes, you and you, get Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> right now*. Her medic skills were shining. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> suddenly felt stupid for still caring about the piece of wood they'd been carrying. *Oh!* They could use it to carry the man inside, he could hoist it to her right now and help!

He asked a guy beside him to help him bring it to her side, who hesitantly helped, and when they arrived to her, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> smiling ear to ear like *hey! what about this one!*, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> just looked at him, frowning and slightly bewildered.

—<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>-- No, that's obviously too bulky and hard, he could get hurt. We need like a bedsheet to carry him. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> frowned back and dropped the panel before squatting next to her defeatedly. *Well at least I'm trying to help.*

Someone arrived with a bucket of water, and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> poured some of it over the man's mouth with her hand, holding his head up with the other, and he was muttering things incoherently, eyes completely closed. His lips were chapped dry and black, just like his facial hair was burned, curled into his skin, so frail <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> could wipe it off with his thumb. His eyebrows and lashes were almost gone as well, but the worst part by far was his skin. 

On some parts the damage was limited to the hair, on others the skin was angry-red and swollen, wrinkling on the side of his nose and into his lips, over his brow missing his eye by a smidge, covering his ear. On others, bright, wet wounds remained painfully open, black edges surrounding the gaping holes in his face. The fat below his cheekbone was visible, a dark and sickly color on the spots it'd been apparently cauterized with heat, or dried out on his way to probably the first village he'd found. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s stomach went up in knots. 

On his forehead and other side of his face a handful of thick, black spots were starkly visible. —What are those? —asked <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> apprehensively. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> didn't look at him.

—They look like burns. Maybe something exploded and the debris hit his face right there. —She looked worried sick, but clear-headed and determined. She was trying to get the man to drink, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> didn't think he looked awake enough to drink— Sir, what's your name? Do you know where you are? —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> made a face— Sir, your name? What's your name?

The man's features tensed up, his skin stretching so painfully <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> thought it might crack open. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/> —his dry lips managed to mouth, voiceless—, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>… —A whisper.

—<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>? Your name is <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>? —repeated <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>. Just now, Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_dad"/>Edgar<span type="end"/> <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> hurried into the scene, kneeling right next to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>.

—Oh. Those are burns. —Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> said. *Shocking.* This might've been <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s first time hearing <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s dad's voice—<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>? —he asked the man— <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>, you're going to be fine. —The man sighed, almost a whimper. Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> held <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>'s eyelids open, and stopped when they focused on him. *What is he checking for?*— <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> —he called—, go inside and get a bedsheet, we're carrying him to a bed. 

Before long, Spirit was lying on the <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/>'s bed for sickly people, his body completely straight and tensed in pain, and she and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_dad"/>Edgar<span type="end"/> were treating him behind a closed door. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> sat at the living room, as did half of <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s family, in view of the door, shaking his leg up and down expectantly. He felt antsy at the idea of having to wait to see what was happening, he didn't know what to do with himself, but he knew he would be a hassle to deal with inside that room, even worse than the literal dying man. Whom by the way, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_dad"/>Edgar<span type="end"/> had told he'd be *just fine*, but <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> wasn't so sure, he couldn't. Not after seeing those wounds, *some were probably infected!* Not after seeing him so deeply dehydrated, so profoundly exhausted and malnourished. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> didn't think he'd seen a live person closer to death before. If he didn't die tonight, he'd die in a few days.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> and <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s mother had made sure others in the village were taking good care of Spirit's horse in the mean time, and she didn't take long at all to start ordering the rest of the people around like was just happened was a daily occurrence. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s guess was that being the wife of a doctor probably had her witness fates far worse than Spirit's. 

With a quiet creak, the door to the room was propped open just enough to let Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> exit through before closing it behind him. His hands were wet as he gestured to his wife.

—He'll be fine. —A collective sigh of relief— His wounds have been closed since they happened, some gnarly burns he's got... —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_dad"/>Edgar<span type="end"/>'s deep voice rumbled disapprovingly, his eyes lost as he self-soothingly rubbed his wife's shoulder— I don't know where he's been, he won't really talk, he just repeats his name over and over. My best guess is that he's a runaway from another town, maybe a criminal, but then again —He shook his head, bringing his hand to his mouth in thought—, those burns are not normal.

His wife looked at him, eyes somber, and the two seemed to wordlessly communicate again. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> had no idea what it was about, but they appeared worried, or maybe suspicious of something. As Dr. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> frowned and averted his eyes, Mrs. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> made a jarringly loud clap that woke everyone up in the room.

—Alright, let's get back to work —she said, and was met with hesitant mumbles from everyone—. My daughter will take good care of him, and by the time she's done I want a table with food for her hard work. —She laughed it off— Come on, people, let's not let all this food go to waste. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>! —He jolted upright— You come with me.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> got up with some difficulty (he was so *tired* and the couch was so *squishy*) as did everyone else, and he followed <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>'s mom to the kitchen. Before long they were both engrossed in making stuffing for a humongous sort of bird <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> had been too afraid to ask about, but he found it nice to occupy his mind, even if the shadow of Spirit's damage still clawed at his chest whenever it sprung back up in his memory. 

Mrs. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/> had put him to chop some onions, and he was working just so so slowly and sobbed the whole way, but she didn't seem to mind at all. 

—These are all done, Mrs. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_lastname"/>Achar<span type="end"/>.

—For fuck's sake, son, don't call me "Mrs." anything —She clicked her tongue, chuckling—, just <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_mom"/>Maeve<span type="end"/>. Please. Just call me <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_mom"/>Maeve<span type="end"/>. —<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> smiled tensely. She approached him to review his work, and started halving up some of the bigger pieces— It's good to know how to cook, Georgie. —Her full cheeks formed a really sweet smile. *<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> must have got it from her*— A girl shouldn't be the only one in the house that knows her way in the kitchen. Resentment can build quicker than you'd think.

» You're already a young man —she continued—, learning how to take care of yourself is how you start to become a *good* man. You know... —She looked at him with some sort of gesture in her eyes that he didn't know how to read— <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> is a good girl, she'll take care of you, but she's not your mom, and she won't behave like she is.

—She shouldn't.

She seemed genuinely happy to hear him say this with such nonchalance, like the obvious truth that it was to him. There were many things in life that were boring, the endless conversations with people he didn't really know or care to know, the work, the sisyphean tasks, the cuts and piles of work, the *goddamned step at the entrance of the shop*, just for <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> to take care of *himself*. He couldn't imagine being a human being caring for all of this and then for someone else entirely on top of that. He couldn't imagine how more wives didn't kill their husbands. 

—I don't want her to kill me —he added, almost like an afterthought. This made Maeve genuinely, loudly laugh with her full chest—, if I was like that then I would completely understand though.

—See, you're gonna be a good man for her, I can already see it. —She gave him a slight hip bump as she went back to caring for the steaming food in the pan. It smelled insanely good— With all she's learnt from <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_dad"/>Edgar<span type="end"/> it would probably be easy for her. She'd make it look like an accident as well.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> chuckled. —In a heartbeat.

He thought about those stony irises, behind those dark long lashes, above that squishy little smile, between those strands of uncaring hair from the void. Her features were contradictory #PhysicalDescription_Maia, it made him feel like she really would *do* it, but it would take a lifetime of pain. It was hard to imagine a lifetime with her, <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> didn't even know if that's what he wanted, but if things came to that, he wouldn't want to make her suffer. She deserved peace.

The house was bustling with activity. A couple of cousins came in to help in the kitchen after few minutes, and they were chatting excitedly to Mrs.... uh, to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest_mom"/>Maeve<span type="end"/>, laughing and clanking pots about, apparently one of them was getting married soon, a beautiful young woman that looked a lot like <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/>, just a lot taller and with softer eyes. People were coming in and out of the kitchen already, bringing huge steaming plates around: saffron rice with sliced red peppers, hare meat, cooked snails and fried tomatoes heated down to a paste to give a thick, tasty texture to the rice, one of <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s absolute favorite meals; chicken legs, cooked in a creamy garlic broth of some sort, in a fire so slow the meat melted in your mouth; a giant bowl of mashed potatoes, that <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> had almost made all on his own!; a huge fucking...? A huge fucking loaf of bread, probably as tall as <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>, meant to feed two extended families and then some; and then finally <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s least favorite, the humongous stuffed bird cooked in the oven for One Thousand Years. He had been able to sneak into <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/green_horse"/>Spirit<span type="end"/>'s room to feed some snacks to <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> as the hours passed, who no doubt must've felt ravenous by then, and she'd thanked him warmly.

<span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/> had been tasked to look for the stash of plates stored somewhere upstairs, because they were running out, and it was strangely exciting to be trusted like this. He had just come down with a pile of about thirty plates (*very* heavy, if he may add) and was bringing it over to the kitchen when <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> burst out of Spirit's room right as he was passing by. He lost balance and dropped two of the plates, which loudly hit the floor and shattered in a hundred pieces and every *single* person in the room went quiet, the noise echoing back and forth. They were all looking at them.

He looked at <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/blue_love_interest"/>Maya<span type="end"/> with a confused stare, but she didn't look back at him. She looked at the plates and yelped, startled, and her cheeks were red, her lips chewed raw, and he didn't get a chance to see what was happening to her before she walked quickly to the door, averting everyone's eyes. 

She seemed distressed. <span id="World building/N A M E S.md/mc_blue"/>George<span type="end"/>'s heart dropped. She was crying. 


