
Of all the things George thought he'd never get to see, Maya's crying was so far fetched he hadn't even thought to add it to the list. 

She'd left the house and could still be seen through the window in the main door, pacing back and forth and endlessly biting at the palm of her hand as it seemed to hold her jaw together. Thick tears welled up quickly and fell off just as fast, barely grazing her cheeks as they landed on her hand and clothing. Her expression was lax, save for the stress in her eyes.

People don't even cry like that at funerals, George thought. Funeral tears, when they happen, are thinner and more cathartic, ceremoniously expressing loss in an attempt to build community. This brand of crying, though, it's sort of reserved for the closest people to the loss, and those tears are shed months or years after the fact, when the truth finally digs its feet in the sand and reclaims its space, when the mist dissipates only to reveal a vast, empty expanse.

George's feet were glued to the floor. His mind raced through all the different possibilities as to why she might be crying like this. Did she receive some terrible news? Is she in pain? Did Spirit fucking die just now? You could hear every cough and whisper in that living room, and in few seconds Maya's mom was the first to move. George jumped out of the way as she quickly walked to Spirit's room, taking one look inside before staring right at George. Her expression was puzzled as he shook his head, confused. Maeve didn't seem to have a clue why Maya was in that state, but in an instant she sprinted outside to her. 

And George thought, *I should've been the one to go talk to her--*

And George thought, *I hope she's okay.* #unfinished 

People begun looking at him, and he started thinking he might actually have been expected to be the one to talk her down, so he scrambled for an action to perform. His only thought was that Spirit must've had something to do with it, because the two had been isolated inside that room for ages with no external influences.



--
As the main door slammed closed behind Maya, Spirit stumbled out of the room as well.

He leaned on the frame of the door, rigidly hunched over, looking at the place Maya had left out from moments ago. He was shirtless and his head was covered in bandages, but with what he could see of his eyes and mouth, George thought he looked... apologetic? 

He frowned, lids hitched in tension, inhaling sharply as he stared right at the man's face. He stared back, wide-eyed. —What'd you do to her? —he mouthed, bitter spite seeping into his words. The man did not attempt to respond, which only confused George more.

Through the window of the main door, George could see Maya's tense features, thick tears forming in her eyes and falling quickly, her hands holding her sweet face as she tried to calm down walking back and forth. Inside the house, Maeve got hold of a dishcloth to dry her hands and she was leaving the house just as quickly, staring right at Spirit the whole way out. ==excesibo==

All that could be heard then was Spirit's laboured breathing, and faintly, Maeve's soft words to her daughter outside. Most were trying to make them out, while some were shooting distrustful looks Spirit's way. George tried to start picking up the bigger pieces of plate that had been dropped right at the man's feet, and from this angle he could see the extent of the wounds on his torso. They weren't as bad as the ones on his face, but he was definitely *not* good to go. ==He couldn't help but wonder how it even occurred to this man treating the girl that's caring for him with anything short of *absolute* fucking meekness. He'd come to her starving and almost dead, and she'd had her home be opened to him.==

From down there he could also see that Spirit was way stronger than he was, but he couldn't bring himself to care. When he came up his hands were bare, and Spirit's eyes followed him with bewilderment as George got near his face, offended stare frowning up at him with a defiant tilt to his head. Disgust showed itself again in George's features.

—Dude, what'd you do? —==Spirit's mouth babbled something, but he wasn't really saying anything==—Did you say something to her? Do something to her? —He could feel hot blood pumping up his neck, hear it in his ears.

Spirit took a step back into the room, and George took one forward before he impulsively pushed him with all his might, making him take another two whole steps before tripping and falling backward. George thought he heard a couple of Maia's sisters getting up and standing right by, watching the scene closely. He'd never even remotely been the aggressive type, but he also never felt so strongly about things. ==Spirit yelped in pain as the fall forced him to move his arms, stretching his painfully rigid skin. It burned at George's stomach, imagining that sensation, but again he shouldn't pay attention to that.== 

==Spirit's (…green?) eyes finally looked *up* at him, and George approached him slowly.==

His cracked voice started to make out real words. —I-- I just told her...! 

—"Told her" what, man? How'd you even make her cry like that?

Spirit scoffed, and that display of disrespect didn't even anger George, it just profoundly confused him. What the hell was wrong with this guy?

Right at that moment the main door loudly slammed open, and strong footsteps made their way towards the room, where George leaned back to see Maeve angrily approaching. He got out of the way just as she entered, yelling:

—Get up! —She was even leaning down like she would *make* him if he didn't— Get the fuck up! You're leaving this goddamned house, right now, come on! —Her voice was screechingly high-pitched, George didn't want to keep hearing it. Spirit started to scramble up, and she grabbed him by the arm and the hip of his trousers, pulling him out the room and almost making him trip several times on the way out. When they got to the main door, to everyone's dumbfounded looks, Spirit was losing balance, but Maeve practically *threw* him outside, where he fell on his hands and knees into the dirt.

==George could not close his mouth. He had completely deflated, fully lost the pump of adrenaline==, and was now shocked at the severity of Maeve's reaction. She was just going to drop him outside at night in that state? Had Maya told her what happened, and turned out to be exactly what he feared? Maeve closed the door with another slam, and everyone including Maya were looking at her with wide eyes. She was panting, her hands were now wet with healing ointments Maya had applied on Spirit's skin, and she was wiping them with the cloth that had ended up at his waist.






