George could feel the lifeless body of his friend weighing down his back at every step. The blood in his arteries heating up his temples and numbing his vision into a feverish assortment of colors and dark figures in the corners of his eyes. He could feel his arms screaming in tension, the bones of his hips sending a torturous jolt through his whole body every time the weight of this man slumped down on him.

There had never been anything before this, or at least, George didn’t recall it.

He didn’t recall the sort of creature that had cleaved blistering debris into his flesh like bloodless bullets, nor the origin of the angry red rash that now pulled at the skin of his palms and forehead at every little gesture. He didn’t know why he was so tired. It wasn’t the kind of heaviness to one’s eyelids, or the dull ache of broken muscle fibers after a big effort. It was like his brain didn’t have the strength to focus on anything apart from keeping him moving. He merely walked, and he watched his feet move, and he watched how he stepped on his own shadow and every step punched the air out of his lungs like he was the one being stepped on.

He felt his eyes dry. It was normal, considering the immense wave of heat that had washed over the both of them just hours ago. Like gliding over a volcano and peeking inside just to look into the face of a god of death. He’s sure his mind would never stop displaying this face to him if he’d seen it, but he didn’t get a chance.

Dream did. This he remembered vividly. His eyes lost themselves in the gloom of the forest as he recalled the silhouette of his friend framed by just white fire and black pieces of earth. His look as he turned back to him, like he needed to know he was there, right behind him, about to die by his side. Or maybe he was searching his eyes for a solution, like there was anything George could do as all hell broke loose on top of them, like they had an option apart from watching helplessly as the gods of death looked back at them. Maybe he was just trying to shun that stare and George’s happened to be the only other eyes to look into. Maybe he was just terrified.

George thought that if he let himself cry then maybe his eyes would stop feeling painful. The pulling sensation in his throat would dissolve into bitter, catatonic tears down his cheeks and the sting of his burns wouldn’t be as bad as feeling his chest crush under the weight of panic. But he couldn’t cry. Not when he needed all his focus on his legs, supporting both himself and a man that used to tower over him during better times. He needed to concentrate on not screaming every time Dream’s lifeless legs dug into the bones of his hips.

There was a single reason why George wasn’t about to slump onto the ground and yield both their bodies to the rodents, and it was the hope that the mild, mild sighing he could hear from Dream’s mouth was actually his breathing. That he wasn’t just exhaling what little air was left in his lungs because of the heaviness of his steps, that his brain hadn’t given up on inhaling back again. But somewhere he knew. He’d seen that face on the ground covered in ash, looking up at him with a pair of eyes so pleading, so terribly panicked and blank. He’d felt Dream’s body go limp on his back as he faded, he’ d heard his breathing go shallow. _He might not make it_, he said in his head. _He is going to die_.